Sore was I ere I saw Eros.	T
A man, a plan, a canal -- Panama	T
Never a foot too far, even.	T
Euston saw I was not Sue.	T
Live on evasions? No, I save no evil.	T
Red Roses run no risk, sir, on nurses order.	T
Salisbury moor, sir, is roomy. Rub Silas.	T
Marge, let's "went." I await news telegram.	T
A new order began, a more Roman age bred Rowena.	T
I, man, am regal; a German am I.	T
Tracy, no panic in a pony-cart.	T
Egad! Loretta has Adams as mad as a hatter. Old age!	T
Eve, mad Adam, Eve!	T
Resume so pacific a pose, muser.	T
Marge let a moody baby doom a telegram.	T
Tenet C is a basis, a basic tenet.	T
Nella's simple hymn: "I attain my help, Miss Allen."	T
Straw? No, too stupid a fad. I put soot on warts.	T
Sir, I demand, I am a maid named Iris.	T
Lay a wallaby baby ball away, Al.	T
Tessa's in Italy, Latin is asset.	T
Noel sees Leon.	T
No, it can assess an action.	T
Bob: "Did Anna peep?" Anna: "Did Bob?"	T
Sex at noon taxes.	T
Egad, a base life defiles a bad age.	T
"Stop!" nine myriad murmur. "Put up rum, rum, dairymen, in pots."	T
Delia, here we nine were hailed.	T
Not I, no hotel, cycle to Honiton.	T
Anne, I vote more cars race Rome-to-Vienna.	T
Mother Eve's noose we soon sever, eh, Tom?	T
"Sue," Tom smiles, "Selim smote us."	T
Telegram, Margelet!	T
Too hot to hoot.	T
Unglad, I tar a tidal gnu.	T
Eve damned Eden, mad Eve.	T
Snug Satraps eye Sparta's guns.	T
Nurse, save rare vases, run!	T
Draw, O Caesar, erase a coward.	T
No mists or frost, Simon.	T
Sail on, game vassal! Lacy callas save magnolias!	T
Trap a rat! Stare, piper, at Star apart.	T
Sue, dice, do, to decide us.	T
La, Mr. O'Neill, lie normal.	T
Top step -- Sara's pet spot.	T
Eel-fodder, stack-cats red do flee.	T
Reg, no lone car won, now race no longer.	T
Zeus was deified, saw Suez.	T
Evil is a name of a foeman, as I live.	T
No waste, grab a bar, get saw on.	T
"Degenerate Moslem, a cad!" Eva saved a camel so Meta reneged.	T
Was it felt? I had a hit left, I saw.	T
Won't I repaper? Repaper it now.	T
Too far, Edna, wander afoot.	T
Stella won no wallets.	T
"Do nine men interpret?" "Nine men," I nod.	T
Nurse, I spy gypsies, run!	T
Draw pupil's pup's lip upward.	T
Lewd did I live, and, Edna, evil I did dwel.	T
"Sirrah! Deliver deified desserts detartrated!" stressed deified, reviled Harris.	T
All erotic, I lose my lyme solicitor, Ella.	T
No, is Ivy's order a red rosy vision?	T
No word, no bond, row on.	T
On tub, Edward imitated a cadet; a timid raw debut, no?	T
Tense, I snap Sharon roses, or Norah's pansies net.	T
"Deliver desserts," demanded Nemesis, "emended, named, stressed, reviled."	T
No, it is opposed; Art sees Trade's opposition.	T
"Knight, I ask nary rank," saith gink.	T
Moors dine, nip -- in Enid's room.	T
"Ma," Jerome raps pot top, "spare more jam!"	T
Live not on evil deed, live not on evil.	T
Sir, I'm Iris!	T
Now do I repay a period won.	T
A rod, not a bar, a baton, Dora.	T
Now saw ye no mosses or foam, or aroma of roses. So money was won.	T
Amiced was I ere I saw Decima.	T
"Pooh," smiles Eva, "have Selim's hoop."	T
No, set a maple here, help a mate, son.	T
A war at Tarawa!	T
Some men interpret nine memos.	T
Delia sailed as sad Elias ailed.	T
Ned, I am a maiden.	T
Dennis sinned.	T
Remit Rome cargo to go to Grace Mortimer.	T
Did Dean aid Diana? Ed did.	T
I told Edna how to get a mate: "Go two-handed." Loti.	T
Sire, was I ere I saw Eris?	T
Now Eve, we're here, we've won.	T
"Suit no regrets." A motto, Master Gerontius.	T
Eve, man, am Eve!	T
Slap-dab set-up, Mistress Ann asserts, imputes bad pals.	T
Tuna nut.	T
Saladin enrobes a baroness, Senora, base-born Enid, alas.	T
Deny me not; atone, my Ned.	T
Roy Ames, I was a wise mayor.	T
Wonders in Italy, Latin is "Red" now.	T
'Tis Ivan on a visit.	T
Did Ione take Kate? No, I did.	T
Solo gigolos.	T
No, it is open on one position.	T
Hurry!	F
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.	F
The stranger officiates the meal.	F
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.	F
She was too short to see over the fence.	F
The book is in front of the table.	F
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.	F
The old apple revels in its authority.	F
Is it free?	F
A glittering gem is not enough.	F
Rock music approaches at high velocity.	F
Please wait outside of the house.	F
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.	F
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.	F
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.	F
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.	F
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.	F
She advised him to come back at once.	F
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.	F
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.	F
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.	F
I am never at home on Sundays.	F
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.	F
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.	F
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.	F
Let me help you with your baggage.	F
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.	F
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.	F
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.	F
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.	F
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.	F
The lake is a long way from here.	F
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.	F
I want more detailed information.	F
How was the math test?	F
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.	F
Don't step on the broken glass.	F
We have a lot of rain in June.	F
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.	F
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?	F
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	F
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.	F
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.	F
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?	F
Two seats were vacant.	F
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.	F
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.	F
Christmas is coming.	F
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	F
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.	F
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?	F
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.	F
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?	F
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.	F
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	F
The mysterious diary records the voice.	F
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.	F
Where do random thoughts come from?	F
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.	F
They got there early, and they got really good seats.	F
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?	F
The shooter says goodbye to his love.	F
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.	F
The river stole the gods.	F
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.	F
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.	F
Abstraction is often one floor above you.	F
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.	F
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.	F
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.	F
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.	F
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.	F
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.	F
We need to rent a room for our party.	F
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.	F
He told us a very exciting adventure story.	F
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.	F
This is a Japanese doll.	F
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.	F
Wow, does that work?	F
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.	F
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.	F
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.	F
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.	F
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.	F
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.	F
Tom got a small piece of pie.	F
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent	F
She did her best to help him.	F
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.	F
Mary plays the piano.	F
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.	F
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.	F